yuzuri otonashi awakens in the world of
the afterlife with no memory of his life
on earth immediately he meets yuri
nakamura as she aims a sniper rifle at
angel the student council president yuri
offers otonashi the opportunity to join
the afterlife group against angel but
otanashi refuses and instead speaks with
angel who informs him that everyone has
died otonashi demands evidence after
which angel impales him but he survives
despite his fatal wounds following
morning when he wakes up in the school
infirmary noda cuts him a hundred times
because he rejected yuri's invitation to
join the afterlife group after healing
from the gruesome injury he awakens in
the afterlife group room where he meets
the core afterlife group members there
he joins the afterlife group and yuri
tells otonashi that since they are in
the afterlife none of them can die still
they can disappear if they start living
an everyday school life and there's a
chance they could reincarnate as a flea
or other creatures which is why they
resist angel who forces them to live
normally the afterlife group initiates
operation tornado that night to steal
meal tickets from non-player characters
npcs girls dead monster a girl band
affiliated with the afterlife group
performs a live concert in the cafeteria
to distract the npcs while some of its
members fight angel to delay her after
the operation's success the afterlife
group retreats to the cafeteria to use
their meal tickets during the meal
otonashi attempts to make sense of
everything low on supplies and ammo yuri
leads nine other members of the
afterlife group to the guild deep below
the surface where their allies
manufacture weapons the afterlife group
discovers that many booby traps on the
path to the guild have been reactivated
because angel has arrived before them
and is approaching the guild the group
navigates the traps but only yuri and
otanashi survive in the end while the
others perish attempting to do so during
a brief rest to dry their clothes from
an earlier trap yuri tells otonashi that
her three younger siblings were murdered
this is yuri's motivation to fight the
cruel fate god has given her soon after
meeting the guild members down below the
surface they report that angel was
temporarily stalled but has since
resumed movement angel is approaching
the main entrance yuri orders the guild
to evacuate and shaw decides to demolish
the guild in the meantime yuri and
otanashi battle angel to buy the guild
members sufficient time to detonate the
explosives and destroy the guild upon
completion of the preparations the guild
explodes with angel yuri and the other
members flee to the old guild location
yuri directs the reorganization of the
guild and otonashi acknowledges her
leadership masami iwasaba introduces a
new ballad titled my song still yuri
questions its effectiveness for
afterlife group operations given that
the crowd will be quiet while she sings
then they could not stop the angel as
bullets made louder sounds yuri
introduces takayama a new member of the
afterlife group who specializes in
computer hacking the next operation's
objective is to infiltrate angel's room
and crack her computer's password to
find a clue to defeating her from there
while this is happening girls dead
monster band puts on a concert to lure
angel to them after meeting yui otonashi
converses with iwasawa during the band's
break she discusses her dysfunctional
family history her pursuit of a music
career and her death at the hands of her
drunken father later the girl's dead
monster band performs while yuri guides
a small group to angel's room several
teachers intervene after a few minutes
to prevent the girls from performing a
concert without permission nevertheless
iwasaba breaks away and performs her
ballad following the song she vanishes
from the afterlife the hacking revealed
to the afterlife group the source of
angel's powers she creates her weapons
with the aid of software not with the
help of a god yui insists on replacing
iwasawa as the vocalist after yui
accidentally kills herself during an
audition yuri leaves her up to the
girl's dead monster band's decision yuri
instructs the afterlife group to form
teams and compete in the forthcoming
baseball tournament hideki hinota and
otonashi team up but they are
unsuccessful in recruiting key members
of the afterlife group as takamatsu
recruited each key individual for his
baseball team eventually he not have
formed an eight-person baseball team
with yui shina noda and three female
npcs who are yui's fans the afterlife
group teams defeat the npc teams but
they are quickly defeated by angel's
team which consists of the school
baseball team hinata's team is the last
afterlife group team to face angel's
team in the final hinata faces a fly
ball in the ninth inning that he dropped
in his previous life speculating that he
will obliterate if he catches the ball
odonashi tries to stop him still in
retaliation yui grapples with hinata and
accidentally prevents the catch and
thereby angel's team wins much to yuri's
annoyance yuri intends to lower angel's
school ranking by lowering her grades
for the exam otonashi introduces himself
to angel and learns her real name canada
tachibana during the operation the
members of the afterlife group disrupt
the class with a variety of idiocy
allowing takayama to switch canada's
exam sheets for fake ones as a result
she received a zero and was reprimanded
by the teachers and kanada was replaced
as council president by vice president
ayato naoi during another instance of
operation tornado kanada is surprisingly
no longer hostile she ignores the
commotion and purchases a meal ticket
for maple doofy the supposedly spiciest
meal in the school cafeteria however due
to the operation canada's ticket blows
away and it falls on otonashi while
eating kanata's favorite dish yuri told
him that she came to get the same meal
ticket that he is eating and he
sympathizes with her moments later naohi
accompanied by npcs arrives intending to
punish the afterlife group for their
persistent disobedience the members of
the afterlife group are released from
the reflection room yuri orders class
disruptions to test naoh's commitment to
the rules but naohi remains vigilant and
immediately stops them yui discovers
that naohi has been assaulting npcs to
prevent his disappearance odonashi
invites kanada to lunch in the cafeteria
still naohi arrests them for eating at
an improper time and imprisons them in a
cell underground kanada informs otonashi
those who befriend her vanish yuri
informs otonashi via wakitaki of her
discoveries regarding naohi and reveals
that he is not an npc but rather a
living individual like them the
afterlife group is fighting a losing
battle against naohi who is using npcs
as a shield and hostages and yuri tells
him that kanara is needed for battle
odonashi convinces kanata to escape
their prison cell still by the time they
reach the outside the members of the
afterlife group had been slaughtered by
naohi who had used hypnosis to control
the npcs otonashi prevents naohi from
attempting to hypnotize yuri as otonashi
embraces and acknowledges him naohi
reveals his unjust existence as a
substitute for his deceased twin brother
and how he worked tirelessly to earn his
father's acknowledgement after naohi
joins the afterlife group yuri asks him
to recover otanashi's memories through
hypnosis in his memory otonashi's life
is based primarily on his chronically
hospitalized younger sister hatsune his
new ambition to attend medical school
and his untimely death in an earthquake
after some reflection on his revived
memories he laments the timing of his
passing away otonashi resumes his
membership in the afterlife group with
renewed motivation due to a lack of meal
tickets yuri orders a boat trip kanada
accepts odanashi's invitation and after
learning how to fish catches the master
of the stream a monster fish large
enough to feed the entire school while
serving the excess fish to the npc's
kanada and otonashi promised to stay
with the afterlife group suddenly a
wounded yuri falls to the ground in
front of them and accuses angel of
attacking her canada otonashi and the
others look up to see a second angel
with blazing red eyes atop a building
the afterlife group defends against the
crimsonite kanata's aggression but the
battle ends when the two kanatas stab
each other yuri recalls that one of the
kanata's powers harmonix allows her to
clone herself she instructs the
anti-life group to attend class to
prevent self-obliteration while she
accesses kanata's computer and adds
additional measures to limit a clone's
lifespan and reverse the harmonics when
everyone comes to check on the original
kanada in the infirmary they find out
she has been abducted yuri speculates
that the kanata is being held captive by
crimsonite kanada in the abandoned guild
and arranges a rescue operation along
the way the members of the afterlife
group encounter more angel clones
instead of guild traps as the team
sacrifices itself to stop each clone
yuri and otanashi are once again the
only surviving afterlife group members
at the guild headquarters yuri
eliminates the final clone while
otanashi instructs the frail original
kanada to activate her harmonics she
does so but the newly created clone
informs otonashi of the risk to angel
pose by reintegrating the clone's
consciousness into her body then yuri's
system is activated and each clone
returns to her while she is in agony
otonashi falls asleep while waiting for
kanata to wake up and dreams about the
subway train accident with the
assistance of a man named igarashi he
led assisted and motivated the survivors
during their week-long ordeal in the
subway tunnel as a result many of the
victims survive but odonashi perished
moments before the arrival of a rescue
team when kanada awakens him he becomes
optimistic regarding his life and death
but he continues to exist in the
afterlife henceforth the two worked
together to assist everyone in moving on
from this afterlife which was kanata's
intention all along in turn they
realized that the purpose of this
afterlife is to allow souls to make
amends with their past regrets kanada
and naohi are restored to their prior
positions as student council president
and vice president respectively due to
this the rest of the afterlife group
mistakenly assumes that kanata has
reverted to being a crimson eyed angel
otonashi and kanata decide upon yui as
the first one whom they help with their
new goal after a simple plan to steal a
guitar otonashi discovers her life's
purpose and her list of desires
performing a german suplex scoring a
soccer goal against five opponents and
hitting a home run odonashi assists her
in completing two of these tasks yui
gave up on the home run after a few days
but enjoyed each activity however she
had one particular desire marriage
suddenly hinata declares that he would
marry her despite her intellectual
disabilities hinata's description of
their happy relationship satisfies yui's
desires by addressing the small
probability of their meeting by chance
hinata joins otonashi's goal of helping
others to move on after she vanishes in
the meantime nota and oyama were
attacked by an unknown creature which
yusuf refers to as shadow while hinata
and naohi compete for otonashi's primary
assistance position a shadow monster
attacks naohi prompting the other two to
destroy it musa informs yuri of the
encounter yuri meets with kanata to
discuss the shadows and otonashi and
company are also present the meeting is
cut short when a large shadow group
surrounds nota sheena and tk everyone at
the meeting joins the battle and yuri
observes an npc's transformation into a
shadow fujimaki reports takamatsu's
death to the shadows after the battle
but the next day a soulless npc is
discovered in class to address this
shadow situation yuri assembles a
sizable afterlife group team and prompts
odonashi to share his theory regarding
everyone's passing away several members
object but hinata and naohi agree with
his discovery in a subsequent smaller
meeting yuri enlists kanada's aid before
pursuing the shadow source while the
other members of the afterlife group
contemplate their decision to pass on
yuri learns about the theft of school
computers and discovers a secret
passageway from the computer room to the
guild early in the morning kanada
engages in a fight with a large number
of shadows a huge majority of afterlife
group members and girls dead monster
band members pass on satisfied with
their time spent together while the main
cast of afterlife group members
continues to battle an increasing number
of shadows in the meantime yuri travels
to the guild and encounters other
shadows sheena instructs otonashi to
separate hinata and naoi comply the
group of otonashi kanada hinata and aoe
saves yuri just as she is about to be
devoured by the shadows after saving her
they battle additional shadows and send
yuri ahead of them after running for a
while yuri enters a hidden room where
the stolen computers are all running the
angel player software in addition yuri
discovers an unknown boy and
interrogates him about various aspects
of the afterlife yuri ultimately resists
the temptation to become god and
destroys every computer afterwards she
dreams about forgiving siblings otonashi
and the three others look over her as
she wakes up three days after the
incident with the shadows only otonashi
yuri kanada hinata and naohi are still
alive the others have passed on to the
afterlife burkinata's suggestion a
graduation ceremony is held with an
anthem diplomas and a speech after the
ceremony naoi departs yuri makes peace
with kanata before departing and hinata
quickly follows alone with kanata
otonashi proposes that he and kanata
remain to assist those who may enter the
afterlife he then confesses his love to
her but she reveals herself as the
recipient of his transplanted heart when
he was in the train accident he wrote on
the card to donate his heart if he die
kanata finally disappears after
expressing gratitude to odanashi leaving
him in hysterical tears as he screams
her name in the epilogue a girl
resembling kanata is heard humming my
song by iwasawa in the world of the
living a boy who resembles otanashi
walks by and recognizes the tune when
the girl continues walking the boy taps
her shoulder before he makes contact the
scene fades away thank you for watching
the video and don't forget to click the
bell icon and like and subscribe to the
channel if you want to see more videos